
{"controversiality": 0, "retrieved_on": 1427425562, "subreddit_id": "t5_6", "archived": true, "name": "t1_c02b2nz", "gilded": 0, "link_id": "t3_5z162", "downs": 0, "score": 1, "score_hidden": false, "body": "Any woman that has ever been pregnant knows how difficult it becomes to get a good night sleep as they near the end of their pregnancy. However, once you discover the amazing maternity body pillow you will be able to enjoy sleep again. This pillow supports your body and helps you to get comfortable and fall asleep. It then helps you to sleep throughout the night. This makes it possible for you to get the rest needed to help keep you and your baby healthy. You will fall in love with the difference that it makes during this exciting time in your life.\n\nThese pillows curve to the contour of your body and gives you support where it is needed the most. Not only does the amazing maternity body pillow help you sleep but it also helps to eliminate back pain and other similar problems women experience when pregnant. After the baby is born you can continue to use the pillow in different ways. It can still help you get comfortable so you can sleep well, but it can also be used as a nursing pillow. When used this way it can help to support your baby during feeding. \n\nYou don\u2019t have to worry about allergies when using this pillow because it is both hygienic and odorless meaning it is allergy free. There are different styles of pillows available so finding one that suites your needs the best should be easy. You don\u2019t have to worry about the maternity body pillow getting dirty because it is completely washable. It can be dissembled and put in your washer and dryer at home. You don\u2019t have to do anything special when it comes to cleaning. They are designed from good quality material so they will not clump or draw up; instead they continue to hold their shape when washed.\n\nThe maternity body pillow can really make a big difference in the way you feel during this important time in your life. You will get more rest and have more energy than you though possible. This is great for both you and your unborn baby. When you are searching for a gift for a friend or family member that is pregnant, then you really should consider buying one of these pillows. They make a terrific gift. It is one that she will enjoy during her pregnancy and even after the baby is born. It will be the most thoughtful gift you could ever give.", "author": "pinkfan66", "created_utc": "1193248215", "distinguished": null, "edited": false, "author_flair_text": null, "subreddit": "reddit.com", "ups": 1, "parent_id": "t3_5z162", "id": "c02b2nz", "author_flair_css_class": null}